README.md, before:


##### Commit lint convention

| Commit Type | Description                                                                                                 |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| build       | Changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: gulp, broccoli, npm)         |
| chore       | Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation generation              |
| ci          | Changes to our CI configuration files and scripts (example scopes: Travis, Circle, BrowserStack, SauceLabs) |
| docs        | Documentation only changes                                                                                  |
| feat        | A new feature                                                                                               |
| fix         | A bug fix                                                                                                   |
| perf        | A code change that improves performance                                                                     |
| refactor    | A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature                                                   |
| revert      | Reverts a previous commit                                                                                   |
| style       | Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)      |
| test        | Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests                                                           |



#### Setup 
 - commit lint
 - prettier with eslint 
 - husky
- lint-staged

Commit message:

docs: updated documentations and added more details about the app

README.md, after:

# Al-Deen 
###  A islamic Web and desktop application (Coming Soon)  for muslims to help them in their daily life. All in one app where you can find all the islamic stuffs, such as: Quran, Hadith, Prayer Times,  Islamic Calendar,    99 Names of Allah, Ramadan Timings,   Daily Islamic Quotes and many more. 


### However,  Is is fully open source project, you can contribute to this project by following the guidelines below.

## Conurbations Guidelines

#### Commit convention
```
git commit -m "type(scope): subject"
```


### For example
```
git commit -m "feat: add new feature"
```

##### Commit lint conventions

| Commit Type | Description                                                                                                 |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| build       | Changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: gulp, broccoli, npm)         |
| chore       | Changes to the build process or auxiliary tools and libraries such as documentation generation              |
| ci          | Changes to our CI configuration files and scripts (example scopes: Travis, Circle, BrowserStack, SauceLabs) |
| docs        | Documentation only changes                                                                                  |
| feat        | A new feature                                                                                               |
| fix         | A bug fix                                                                                                   |
| perf        | A code change that improves performance                                                                     |
| refactor    | A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature                                                   |
| revert      | Reverts a previous commit                                                                                   |
| style       | Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)      |
| test        | Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests                                                           |
